# RandomRSSTwitterBot
A Twitter bot written in C# using [Tweetinvi](https://github.com/linvi/tweetinvi) and [System.ServiceModel.Syndication](https://www.nuget.org/packages/System.ServiceModel.Syndication/) to tweet a random article from a custom list of RSS feeds at a custom frequency in hours.

To install the bot, download the latest release, drag the folder out of the *.RAR* archive, and place it wherever you intend to store the bot. Run it once to produce a *keys.txt* file, then input your keys there. Run the bot again, and it will create a few more files (a *logs* folder where logs are stored and titled by Unix timestamp, a *sources.txt* file, a *mult* folder where sources with multiple feeds may be utilized, a *postings.txt* file, a *frequency.txt*, and a *queue.txt* file), then ask how often you want it to run in hours. Type 0 to test it. If the bot ran successfully, it will have posted something from the default feed (the Technology topic on Google News).

From here, you can add in your sources' RSS feeds in the *sources.txt* file (one per line). The bot will automatically add titles of posts to the *postings.txt* file, and will search for another suitable article up to 10 times before giving up until the next pull it makes. You can clear out the *logs* folder and *postings.txt* file periodically per your needs. A future release may see the bot clearing out those two periodically on its own. If you decide to remove a source, make sure you remove its frequency entry from the *frequency.txt* file! You can do this by checking the line number of the source in the *sources.txt* file in Notepad, then removing that same line number from both files. If you do not do this, the program will incorrectly calculate the frequency of each souce! You do not have to do the same when adding sources, as it will automatically add in new lines with a value of 0 for you.

For sources with multiple feeds, you can add a *.txt* file in the *mult* folder named the same number as the source's line number in the *sources.txt* file. You may, from here, change the source in the *sources.txt* file to whatever you want (such as the name of the source), then add the link of each feed to the newly created *[source_line_number].txt* file (one per line). The bot will automatically check for this file each time it selects the source and choose from these feeds, but the frequency will be calculated based on the original source, so that one source does not overwhelm others despite the number of its feed.

To queue up posts for tweeting the next cycle of the bot's timer, open the *queue.txt* file and add first the title of the article, then the link to it. You must always respect this "every other" pattern (titles on odd-numbered lines, links on even-numbered lines), or else it will not work properly. The bot tweets from the queue top-to-bottom, so the first item in the queue is on lines 1 and 2. Once the bot tweets from the queue, it will remove the first item but leave any others in the queue, moving them up automatically for you. If the queue is emptied, the bot returns to tweeting from the *sources.txt* file as normal on its next cycle of the timer.

If there is an error, you will see some reasoning in the console output, but not the log output unfortunately. You can use the timestamp to look at Event Viewer under Windows Logs > Application, however, to see the same output for later.

If you have any questions, feel free to raise an issue!
